feat: document new CLI flag (#11019)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/cli-reference.mdx

Do not use the `--host` flag to expose the dev server and preview server in a production environment. The servers are designed for local use while developing your site only.
:::

### `--allowed-hosts`

<p><Since v="5.4.0" /></p>

> The hostnames that Astro is allowed to respond to. Refer to the [vite documentation](https://vite.dev/config/server-options.html#server-allowedhosts) for more information.

Reviewer: Perhaps we can add a little more information based on your changeset:
```suggestion
Specifies the hostnames that Astro is allowed to respond to in `dev` or `preview` modes. Can be passed a comma-separated list of hostnames to allow or `true` to allow any hostname.

Refer to the [Vite documentation](https://vite.dev/config/server-options.html#server-allowedhosts) for more information.
```
I also specified with which modes the flag works to prevent confusion if someone try to use this with the `build` command.

Reviewer 2: Fantastic edit, Armand! I would just suggest "list of hostnames or `true`" (vs the extra "to allow") since we've said that word a bunch of times already, but your edits are great!

Reviewer: Looks better, thanks! The two `to allow` almost next to each other was indeed a bit "heavy". I'll update the suggestion.

Do not use the `--host` flag to expose the dev server and preview server in a production environment. The servers are designed for local use while developing your site only.
:::

### `--allowed-hosts`

<p><Since v="5.4.0" /></p>

Specifies the hostnames that Astro is allowed to respond to in `dev` or `preview` modes. Can be passed a comma-separated list of hostnames or `true` to allow any hostname.

> Refer to the [Vite documentation](https://vite.dev/config/server-options.html#server-allowedhosts) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to [Vite's `allowHosts` feature](https://vite.dev/config/server-options.html#server-allowedhosts) for more information, including security implications of allowing hostnames.
```
Noting that at the Vite link (and, when researching allowed hosts in general), there tend to be warnings *not* to just enable `true` for security reasons. 

Do we similarly want guidance/warnings about this ourselves? A hint of something that exists in the Vite docs like above? Nothing?

Author: I leave the decision to you. In my initial design, I wanted to defer the documentation to `vite`, but if that's not the case, then I think we should add a warning
